<div class="markdown prose w-full break-words dark:prose-invert light"><h2>press-themes.js</h2><p>The file <code>press-themes.js </code> is responsible for adding CSS classes in HTML elements corresponding to keyboard keys that were pressed.</p><p>The <code>divMapping</code> object is a mapping between keys and element IDs corresponding HTML, with keys as keys and IDs as values. The <code>keydown</code> event is added to the document to detect when a key is pressed. If the pressed key is mapped in <code>divMapping</code>, the <code>pressed</code> class is added to the corresponding HTML element.</p><p>HTML elements can be styled with the < class code>pressed</code> to indicate that the key was pressed.</p><p>The <code>keyup</code> event is added to detect when a key is released. If the released key is mapped in <code>divMapping</code>, the <code>pressed</code> class is removed from the corresponding HTML element.</p><p>This file also contains conditions to enable and disable the release <code>pressed</code> class in specific HTML elements for the control, shift and alt keys.</p><p>Remember to include the file <code>pressed-themes.js</code > in your HTML page and, if necessary, adjust the mapping in <code>divMapping</code> to suit your needs.</p></div><div class="markdown prose w-full break-words dark:prose-invert light"><h1>Click Functions</h1><p>This is a JavaScript file that contains functions to handle keyboard click events virtual present in a login form. The file implements the following functionalities:</p><ul><li>Add characters to the input: when a letter is clicked, its value is added to the input.</li><li>Delete characters from the input: when the key is pressed Backspace is clicked, the last character added to the input is removed.</li><li>Toggle Caps Lock: When the Caps Lock key is clicked, the Caps Lock state is toggled, changing the behavior of the keys from letters to letters case sensitive.</li><li>Ignore Caps Lock key: When the Caps Lock key is pressed on the physical keyboard, it is ignored and does not affect the Caps Lock state.</li></ul><p >The file makes use of the following variables and functions:</p><ul><li><code>keys</code>: a list of all keys on the virtual keyboard.</li><li><code> input</code>: the input where the characters are displayed.</li><li><code>isCapsLockOn</code>: a boolean variable that indicates whether Caps Lock is enabled or not.</li><li><code> backspaceKey</code>: the Backspace key on the virtual keyboard.</li><li><code>getCharacter(keyValue)</code>: a function that takes a key value and returns the corresponding character, given the current state of Caps Lock.</li><li><code>toggleCapsLock()</code>: a function that updates the look of the Caps Lock key by adding or removing a CSS class.</li><li >Event listeners: the file also defines event listeners for the <code>mousedown</code> event on each virtual keyboard key, and for the <code>keydown</code> event on input, to ignore the Caps Lock key of physical keyboard.</li></ul><p>This file is used in the Keyboard-ABNT project present in this repository.</div><div class="markdown prose w-full break-words dark:prose-invert light"><p>README: tap-and-write.js</p><p>This script allows the user to enter text by typing into their keyboard. The text is entered into an input field with the id "myInput". The script includes some keyboard event listeners to allow specific behaviors:</p><ol><li><p>On page load, the script adds an event listener to the "myInput" input field that listens for the " blur "event. When the input field loses focus, it enables another event listener in the document that listens for keydown events.</p></li><li><p>The main function of the script is "myInputFunction". This function takes a keyboard event as an argument and checks whether the pressed key can be typed into the input field. If the key is not one of the restricted keys (Meta, Enter, Dead, Shift, CapsLock, Control, Alt, Escape, Tab, ControlZ, ControlX, ControlC, ControlA), the key will be added to the input field value.</ p></li><li><p>If the backspace key is pressed, the last character of the input field value will be removed.</p></li><li><p>The script includes a function "disable" call that removes the event listener for document keydown events. This can be used to disable the functionality of the script.</p></li></ol><p>To use this script, include it in an HTML file and make sure that the input field you want to use has the id "my entry". You can also modify the allowed/restricted keys by changing the conditional statements in the "myInputFunction" function.</p></div>
